can go to Facebook Marketplace and you
can see Chinese distributors who are
selling peptides. You have no idea what
you're getting. And so this has created
a lot of confusion. We want to protect
consumers. A lot of these people, they
get stars in their eyes and they're
like, I just want to make money. I just
want to make money. I have fallen on
every sword. I have hit every pothole.
I've made every mistake and I have two
of my own brands and I can show you
KPIs. I can show you return on
investment.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another
powerful episode of the Doubled Down
Podcast. I'm your host DeAndre Woodson
and today we have a true powerhouse in
the tellaalth and digital marketing
space, Jessica Lynn White. Now, if you
haven't heard of Jessica yet, you're in
for a treat. She's the founder and the
CEO of Kickstart, a digital marketing
agency that's revolutionizing how health
and wellness entrepreneurs build their
business. Jessica went from being a
licensed physical therapist to a serial
innovator, launching over 50 teleaalth
brands specializing in GLP-1, weight
loss programs, and hormone therapies. So
today, we're going to dive deep into how
she built this powerhouse brand, what it
takes to thrive in Tellaalth, and the
future of digital entrepreneurship.
Let's double down on the insights with
Jessica White.
>> Welcome.
>> Thank you. Thank you, DeAndre.
>> Yeah, you're welcome. I'm glad to be
here.
>> Absolutely. All my pleasure. Um, I want
to start off here. What is peptides?
Honestly, if you could help me figure
that out cuz I obviously did my research
for my episode with you. So, thank you
to that.
>> But there's so much to it and there's so
many different levels. So, if you could
actually help out anyone that's watching
today and has no idea, I think that
would be really helpful.
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> So, I'm a physical therapist of 27
years. Mhm.
>> Peptides have been around forever
and GLPs
have made their way into
mass marketing via weight loss
medication. Okay.
>> So when you think about GLP1s which is
brand name Ompic and Wiggoi or
semiglutide.
>> Okay.
>> GLP1gip
which is tzepide or brand name mjaro and
zeppbound. Yeah,
>> those have been kind of the the first
FDA approved peptides
that have obviously revolutionized
weight loss. And a peptide is a protein
chain that basically has a physiological
effect on the body.
>> Okay? But there are lots and lots and
lots of peptides that do so many things
from helping with sleep restoration,
recovery, tissue repair,
um decreasing brain fog. There's so many
things that peptides do. But
>> these the stoplight on that has been
that many of those peptides are category
2, which means they're not FDA approved.
>> Okay? and they're kind of on the sketchy
list. Yeah.
>> Right. So,
>> as far as GLP1s or your weight loss
medication, because those are approved
for weight loss and um metabolic
regulation.
>> Mhm.
>> I think people are starting to have, you
know, it's not like a taboo like a weird
like uh what is what are these things?
They're like very socially acceptable
now. So a lot of people I mean you can't
go on any platform listen to any talking
head
>> or any podcast or YouTube video without
hearing the word peptide.
>> Yeah it is very internet catch like
friendly right now.
>> I didn't know that. Well I first I
thought just working out right and going
to the gym I know obviously like BCAAs
amus protein. Yes.
>> So I thought it was a powder. I didn't
know that you actually like take a shot.
I had no idea that that's the way that
you take it. Is that normal across the
board for all peptides?
>> Typically, yes. So, when you're looking
at peptides,
>> we're going to Are you ready to dive
deep?
>> You ready to get scientific?
>> So,
>> these peptides are either compounded,
>> okay,
>> or activated, meaning that a typically a
503A pharmacy, which is patient
specific.
>> Got it. is going to compound that
medication for you, DeAndre.
>> Okay.
>> But there's a lot of street meat out
there, right? You can go to Facebook
marketplace and you can see Chinese
distributors
>> who are selling peptides.
>> We have no idea what you're getting. And
so this has created a lot of confusion,
>> okay,
>> in the marketplace, which is where the
FDA has stepped in and said, "We want to
protect consumers. We want to make sure
that people are being sold things that
are safe, but there's there's like no
regulation because they're not FDA
approved. They're called category 2.
>> Okay.
>> So, when it comes to peptides, the most
common route of administration is
injection, and most of them are injected
daily.
>> Wow. As far as the category 2s like BPC,
CJC, um TB500, GHKCU, all of these like
anti-aging glow restoration peptides.
>> Yeah.
>> But your GLPS or your weight loss
peptides are once a week.
>> Okay. And is it is there a specific
place on the body where you take these
or kind of
>> Great question. So, usually there's
three places.
>> Okay.
>> Uh the side of your body, your flank.
>> Gotcha.
>> Uh under your arm or in your thigh. Got
it. This is called flank.
>> Your flank. You have a PT. Your flank
the side of your body. I
>> like that. That's awesome. Um, so there
is someone that I'm really close to in
my family that I let know, hey, this is
who I'm sitting down with. This is what
she special uh specializes in. And they
actually let me know, wow, that's so
interesting. I actually went to Mexico
and purchased my own peptides not too
long ago. Is that what you mean by like
street meat and not regulated?
>> Yes. Okay. I mean, we all know that,
>> you know, if you go to Cabo on vacation,
you could go get you could go to the
pharmacy.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And you could get whatever you want. So,
that's a perfect example of unregulated
>> peptides. And the
issue with that is sterility and
understanding if there are contaminants.
Okay.
>> Right. So, when it's compounded at a
certified pharmacy, the idea is that
it's safe, it's sterile, there's no
contaminants, there's no bacteria, and
if you were to administer that in your
body, it's not going to harm you or
there's minimal risk.
So, the fear with buying things from
Mexico or buying things from China or
wherever else is that there's no you
have no idea what's in there
>> and and you have no idea if if what
you're buying is actually even what you
think you're buying.
>> Okay. And then you you've said category
two a few times. What is category one?
>> Great question.
>> Category one are FDA approved compounds,
FDA approved molecules. Okay.
>> So that would be semiglutide,
tursepetide,
NAD, glutathione, simorin
and glutathione and simorland NAD would
be like in the wellness sector.
>> Uh sisters to that would be tessamorin
and ipomorin. Those are on the category
2 list. They're all
>> uh HGH or human growth hormone
precursors. So, they help with
regeneration and repair in your body.
And big news drop. There's a lot of talk
on the street that about 22 peptides,
the ones that everyone are salivating
over, are going to be recatategorized
>> this quarter from two to one.
>> Oh, wow. Okay.
>> So, what that means is instead of them
being street meat,
>> Yeah. they're going to be back under the
control of licensed providers who can
prescribe them, do lab tests have
indicated, you know, some of these
peptides are
cancer advancers.
>> Wow.
>> Right. And that's the other thing for
safety. You know, I think with CJC and
Ipamoralin and I think tessamorin as
well, it's indicated to get lab results.
>> Okay.
>> And to monitor that. Um, and a lot of
people don't because they're buying them
from, you know, yeah, kind of black
market,
>> right?
>> So, the whole idea is pushing them back
under medical supervision and allowing
them to be written for prescriptions
gives people that number one safety,
number two, medical supervision, and
number three, they know what they're
getting.
>> Got it. So, there's different categories
of what is possible. So it can be like
you said rejuvenation uh human growth
hormones but there's also the weight
loss side which is obviously like the
explosion.
>> Yes.
>> Um can you talk a little bit about is
that Hold on. Yeah. Is that category one
or is that category two? Are you ready
to turn your dreams into reality? At DV
Consultations, we're here to guide you
complete white glove service every step
of the way. Whether you're starting your
credit repair journey or you're looking
to get business funding, we've got your
back. Go ahead and screenshot or click
the QR code below and schedule your
discovery call with the team. Let's make
your dreams come true together.
>> Category one.
>> Oh, okay. That's why it's so big and
it's on every single commercial.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> So, during co it was very accepted like
this. I'll give you the whole like
landscape. During co it was very
accepted for people to do tellahalth
>> because you couldn't go see your doctor.
So, you could do like a a zoom or you
could do phone.
>> Yeah. At the same time, the branded
medications, Ozmp, Wiggo, Zeppbound,
Monaro were in very high demand, right,
>> but low supply. And so the FDA said
these compounds, these molecules can be
compounded at a pharmacy. And what that
means is that the active ingredient is
still there. Got it.
>> But it was a much cheaper price. So
these teleaalth companies literally
exploded. Multibillion dollar companies.
I'm not going to name any names.
Um, and it was just this perfect
coalesce of supply and demand and
tellaalth. So, there's been so many
regulatory changes over the past year.
In uh November of last year,
Tzepide, which is um a GLPGIP,
came off the FDA shortage list. the
pharmaceutical company said, "Hey, we're
keeping up with supply and then
semiglutide and that pharmaceutical
company said, "Hey, we are too."
>> Yeah.
>> And of course, the compounding
association of America and several other
regulatory bodies fought that and they
lost.
>> Mhm.
>> So those those drugs cannot be
compounded as an identical commercial
copy.
>> Okay. What that means is you cannot go
on a tellahalth website and get straight
up semiglutide or tzepide.
>> What you can get is something that's at
least 10% off of the dosage of the brand
new medication. We're going we're going
way deep here. You ready? Do you have
your thinking?
>> Absolutely. I'm excited. And typically
there's an additive like B12, glycine,
um B6 and those things are in an effort
to combat symptoms that the branded
medication may not provide.
>> So that's a good thing.
>> It's a good thing, right? So typically
B12 and B6 are for energy. Perhaps
nausea. Glycine is to decrease muscle
wasting. A major side effect of these
weight loss drugs is muscle wasting
because it decreases your appetite. M
>> you have less calorie intake, less
protein intake, and you lose muscle
mass.
>> Got it.
>> So, there's still a legal loophole that
makes this uh tella health niche
extremely prolific and profitable still.
>> Mhm.
>> But you have to do it the right way.
>> Got it.
>> There are a lot of chop shops out there
and people that are duct taping their
teleahalth systems together,
>> but truly over the past year, the
providers and the pharmacies have had to
get married. M
>> what are we what are we prescribing
>> from the provider point point of view
>> and from the pharmacy point of view can
we fulfill that and can the doctors
provide medical necessity to make sure
that it is truly medical necessity
>> got it
>> does that make sense
>> absolutely I mean there was some things
in there that I didn't understand but
>> I'm enjoying
>> so for example if you're a telealth
business
>> okay
>> and you have a thousand patients
>> and every single patient is XYZ GLP plus
B12.
>> Okay,
>> the FDA is going to audit you and say
you're doing the dosage change and
you're doing the additive, but every
single one of your patients has the same
prescription. This is not patient
specific.
>> Oh, okay. I got you.
>> Right. So, it truly has to be patient
specific in order to meet that criteria
or they're, you know, putting a band-aid
on or trying to milk this legal
loophole. Yeah.
>> So, to be clear, the telealth space can
be very lucrative and it can be
extremely helpful for people in their
budget. Who can afford freaking $1,600 a
month for branded medication if it's
available compounded?
>> Yeah.
>> So, I guess what I'm saying is like over
the past six or eight months, it's
become very regulated and only the
people that have a great foundation of
providers andarmacies are going to
survive. So with that being said, do the
people have to like take a test or do
they have to do like get lab results to
make everything patient specific?
>> That's a great question. So patient
specific means that whatever is
prescribed is for that particular
patient.
>> Okay.
>> And typically that would be a dosage
change and perhaps an additive.
Regarding labs, it's not mandatory for
labs to be involved.
>> Okay? Um, there are some some things
that are of interest for physicians. If
you have a thyroid condition, if you've
had gastric sleeve, gastric bypass
surgery,
there are a couple of things in your
medical history that could trigger labs.
But for the most part when you go to a
teleahalth site you fill out a form you
make payment that form is submitted to a
physician and usually you know with API
integration of whatever platform you're
using to the tech software that the
provider network is using it assesses
yes this patient is a candidate
>> for this drug we can go ahead and issue
the prescription.
>> Wow. So to do to have your own tellaalth
cuz to me this sounds like something an
expert would come from the medical
field. Do you need to be in the medical
field to do tellaalth or maybe not to do
it right cuz anybody can kind of whip it
up right or anything right not just
specifically this
>> but to do it correctly and not maybe get
like fined or shut down should you have
a medical background or just do your due
diligence.
>> That is such a great question. There's
so many layers to that.
Okay. Okay. So,
>> we have time today.
>> We do. We're going to break it down like
a third grader. Okay.
>> So, when it comes to being a provider,
you do not have to be a provider,
>> doctor, nurse practitioner, um
>> any of those things to own a teleahalth.
>> Got it.
>> When you have a tellaalth business, you
are basically a marketing company,
>> okay? driving traffic to a site that has
a third-party provider network
>> and a third-party pharmacy fulfillment
for patient management. So, if you were
to come to my tele health site, KinMeds,
>> you fill out a form that's called a good
faith exam. So, you fill all your
information, there's typically past
medical history, etc.
That information gets sent to the
provider network. So via disclaimers and
information on that tellahalth website.
Kin meds is not a an issuing
prescription or provider platform. We
are a platform that has third party
medical professionals that make the
decision. So truly the teleaalth game is
about lead genen.
>> How do you get people on your website
and that's what everybody's fighting
for.
>> Got it. So regarding
uh licensing restrictions etc
u the provider network carries the
liability the medical liability
>> if they prescribe something that's
incorrect or if there's an issue that's
their issue
>> okay
>> obviously the tellahalth needs to have
general business insurance I recommend
that every business does that
>> right
>> but for the most part you are a
marketing company driving traffic to a
website
>> wow You drive traffic.
>> Mhm. Social media.
>> Lots of ways. Social media,
>> you know, being omnipresent on social
media. I feel like I'm doing a monologue
here.
>> I could talk for days on this.
>> Please do.
>> Um, but yeah, like, you know, I have
people on sales calls all the time. You
know,
>> how am I going to stand out? What's
going to make me succeed? And my top two
or three bullet points are number one,
your competitors are duct taping stuff
together. their providers and
theirarmacies suck
>> and they're going to die.
>> Okay.
>> Number two, if you are in a competitive
space, you have to be omnipresent,
meaning you have to be on Facebook,
Instagram, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, Twitter,
and Pinterest.
>> There we go.
>> Pinterest is a gem.
>> I never think Pinterest. That's funny.
>> Well, think about Pinterest. Pinterest
is not a social media platform
>> at all.
>> And you maybe your wife goes on
Pinterest.
>> She does. Yeah.
>> Probably like, "Yeah, my wife."
>> Yeah. like Christmas time like sweaters
and stuff.
>> There are two reasons.
>> Um she shows me like look at someone
else did this so we could buy this or
she thinks we can do it and I'm going to
just
>> bingo.
>> Yeah, we can.
>> People go to Pinterest for two reasons.
>> Okay.
>> To learn how to do something
>> DIY to buy something.
>> Absolutely.
>> And in this space with GLPS, peptides,
weight loss, etc. That's the perfect
platform because people want to get
educated. How do I lose weight? How do I
sleep better? How do I combat symptoms
of menopause? How do I deal with brain
fog? How do I get my energy back? And
then they go and if you're posting on
Pinterest,
>> yeah,
>> that Pinterest content is evergreen. So
with Facebook and Instagram, Twitter,
all of these other things, it's linear.
It gets pushed down.
>> Yeah.
>> I am giving away the biggest gem in the
world right now.
>> You really are.
>> But with Pinterest, it's evergreen and
it's a visual platform. So if your
creatives are hot, beautiful, engaging,
>> it stays around forever. I did an
experiment
probably three years ago when my son was
three years old on scarves. I was like
super into like headscarves and I
blogged and I did all of this stuff and
I got like 600,000
impressions in a month. Wow.
>> Those are free eyeballs,
>> right?
>> On your content
>> that nobody thinks about,
>> right? And you can link that content
anywhere. You can link it to a landing
page. You can link it to a product page
for your website. You can link it to a
quiz funnel.
>> You can link it anywhere. You're
welcome.
>> I appreciate it. Jessica, you've been
able to do this bridge this gap. So, it
seems seamlessly, right? I'm sure there
was obviously hurdles and there was
obstacles, right, of tea health peptides
and then being able to digitally market
it. What What did you see that was
missing there that you were like, I'm
going to insert myself here and I'm
going to be successful at this? That is
the gem question.
So I had a marketing agency. I
accidented into marketing into the med
spa IV hydration medical aesthetics.
>> Accidented into marketing.
>> I did.
>> Speak on that for how is that something
you accident into?
>> I started out as I had a friend who was
an influencer. Okay.
>> She had like a boxing uh boxing glove
product and she was a fitness trainer.
>> Yeah. and my sister directed me to an
influencers's page for my pregnancy
photo shoot. I had no idea what an
influencer was. I knew what an Instagram
model was.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I went to her page and I was
fascinated that she was making money on
a free app called Instagram.
>> She had a grid aesthetic. She had um
digital products. She had a link in bio.
She was doing brand collabs. And I was
instantly like hooked like how how how
do you make money?
>> Yeah.
>> On Instagram. So after I had my son, I
took a $400 uh influencer course cuz I
wanted free stuff for my nursery and
skincare.
>> There we go.
>> And it turned into so much more than
that. I realized that there was a
strategy on marketing and making money
on Instagram.
So, like three months after I took this
course, I noticed a girl in we had a
group chat who took the same class as me
and she was posting that she was an
Instagram uh influencer course.
>> Her name was Kate. And I was like, Kate,
how are you posting that you are an an
influencer coach? And she said, and I've
said this before plenty times, something
I'll never forget. Yeah,
>> you only have to be two steps ahead of
someone to be valuable to them.
>> And a light bulb went off over my head
and I was like, "F it. I'm going to do
it, too." So, I started posting content
>> that I could help influencers and I got
my first client on a slider, a sticker,
a slider and stories that said slide
here.
>> Yeah.
>> To be a micro influencer. And she paid
me 1,600 bucks a month.
>> So, then I started getting like bloggers
and influenc I know. And I was on
maternity leave. I was like, "This is
amazing."
>> Yeah. Because it started off with free
stuff for the nursery,
>> right? I was just it was completely a
godwink. It was totally like innocuous.
I just I just wanted to get free stuff
like
>> free socks and free shirts and, you
know, cookies or whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> And all my friends and family thought I
was completely nuts, but I rolled with
it.
>> That's right.
>> For about a year. And
>> uh a nurse uh practitioner in Georgia
found me and I posted a gig on Fiverr.
Are you familiar with Fiverr? It's like
the online marketplace for like
>> freelancers.
>> Freelancers. Uhhuh.
>> For social media. And she's she asked me
to do some posts for her for IV
hydration. And I completely
revolutionized the IV hydration space.
It used to be very medical like the hand
holding the fruit bag like it was it was
ridiculous. And I made it very bougie
and very luxury.
Wherever I need to look right now, I
revolutionized IV hydration. anywhere
that you look right now, that's due to
Kickstarter social.
>> I love it.
>> And she's like, I hate social media. And
I faked it till I made it. And I said,
that's what I do.
And so working with her, um, you know,
they say that um, necessity is the
mother of invention. And before I knew
it, I had 30 nurse practitioners doing
their social media.
>> Wow.
>> And then they needed websites. And I
asked my primary virtual assistant, hey,
you know, this blogger needs a website.
Can we do it? He was like, yeah, I could
build a website. And I was like,
"Really?" Sold it for 400 bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> Sold the next one for 600 bucks, the
next one for a,000 bucks.
>> And then we started doing Facebook and
Instagram ads. So I just turned into a
360 digital marketing agency in like two
years.
>> That is incred. You really did accident.
>> I did. I, you know, I never woke up one
day and said, "I want to be an agency
owner." But I was so passionate about
content and personal brand
>> and message and that foundation. So to
circle back around with tellahalth
brands that come to me and they're
always like you know how am I going to
stand out? How am I going to stand out
in this saturated market? Um I believe
that consumers in this space are it's
not like selling lashes to 20-year-olds
on Tik Tok for $15. Mhm.
>> We're selling premium peptides or
medication to people 30 to 55 with
expendable income educated and they want
to look and feel their best.
>> Right? So, if I'm a consumer and I go to
DeAndre's
page, Instagram page, and if you have
four posts there,
>> and then if I go to your LinkedIn, and
you don't have a profile,
>> and then there's nothing on Pinterest
>> and there's nothing on Facebook and
there's nothing on Twitter
>> and then I look at another brand that
might even be shitty, who's got a
presence everywhere, who am I going to
consider?
>> Right.
>> Right. So, a lot of these people, they
get stars in their eyes and they're
like, I just want to make money. I just
want to make money. And I just tell
them, first of all, I'm not going to
fall on the sword of every other
marketer out there.
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm not going to sell you Kool-Aid
that I haven't drank myself. You have to
have a brand and a presence. You have to
have a personal message. Your your
patients, your people that are buying
your products and services deserve that.
>> Absolutely. I remember a brand came to
me and they were like looking for
influencers. They were like, you know,
we're spending $10,000 a month on
Facebook ads and we've gotten six
signups
>> and I almost threw up in my mouth and I
was like, what? $10,000 a month that
you're spending and you got six signups.
>> So, I go to their Instagram page
>> and they have all of these like stock
image photos and no captions.
>> Yep.
>> And I was just like, you guys, like
these are the fundamentals you can't
skip,
>> right? You know, you can't skip this
because your patients see this and what
an insult to them. Don't even I'm like,
>> get fired up here. Yep.
>> You know what I mean? So, that's how you
succeed.
>> It's not a get-richquick scheme. You
have to have a foundation and you have
to plan for your client avatar.
>> I love it.
I want to accident into something like
that.
Okay. So you are already in the the wait
were you in the tellaalth space before
you figured out that you can do this
service for people and helping them
expand or was it reversed?
>> That was your question. You'll never get
a short answer out of me by the way. So
to answer your question before about
like why did I what what missing piece
did I see? Why did I stumble on this? So
with my agency, I had a lot of nurse
practitioners and physicians in the med
spa medical aesthetic space. And when
GLPs got really hot like five years ago,
they were all like, "How do we sell
these weight weight loss packages on
Facebook and Instagram?" You know, and
people were making money hand over fist
with these packages.
And so I had to learn very quickly all
of the red tape and compliance. And so I
kind of niched down into the weight loss
space and did ads and you know landing
pages and help them with their funnels.
And about two and a half years ago a lot
of white label teleaalth brands started
coming to me for help as well. And I
didn't even know that you could do that.
>> Yeah.
>> I thought you had to be huge made of
money like you know I'm not going to
name any big brands. And so one of my
clients had told me the white label
tellalth service that he had used. is I
said you know what how hard can this be
>> right I have a team of 40 people
>> I come from a marketing aspect
>> I this can't be that hard right so I
decided to try it and my main impetus
for that was
forgive me
u but most many many not most many of
the clients that come to me are male
>> really
>> and you know they're executives or
they're in finance or real estate or
investors or you know they see this is
something that has a huge market
potential. They've got other successful
businesses but at that time many of
these professionals were coming to me
and they were men
and they this market is primarily I
would say at least 60% women driven.
>> Oh okay.
>> Weight loss space. Got it. Okay.
>> Right. At least that's who the target
avatar has been historically. And
usually when you have a weight loss
patient, it's really three.
>> It's her,
>> her partner, and her best friend,
>> right? If you make them happy.
>> Yeah.
>> So, these people were coming to me and I
was looking at their their websites and
their landing pages and it was like
obese women, you know, holding their fat
rolls, like looking down at themselves
and frowning. And I was like, I am not
okay with this. I am not okay with body
shaming, with trying to make money off
the back of people in obesity.
>> I'm there has to be a better way. I'm
going to do that. So that's why I
decided to start my own brand. Number
one,
>> because I wanted to prove that my
marketing could work. And number two,
because I wanted to do a service and
create a community around body
positivity and the things that really
[__] matter to women, pardon my
French, which is not just weight loss.
>> It's about feeling good for your kids.
cuz I'm going to get emotional
because I took these drugs after
um having my daughter at 49
years old, 48 years old.
>> Wow.
>> It's about having more energy. It's
about getting on the floor with your
kids and not having your joints hurt,
your joints hurt. It's about fitting
into your favorite jeans again without
anybody
judging you for those non-scale
victories.
>> Sorry.
>> No, you're okay. So, not only does it um
obviously does it go into your
background of marketing, it actually
plays into your actual life because you
have used these products.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> And I would say yes. And I would say
that 90% of the people that do this um
teleaalth kind of startup have had the
same experience.
>> They've said, you know, I had I've lost
30 pounds. I've lost 50 pounds and that
I'm so passionate about this. And that's
a beautiful flame underneath that
business.
>> Yeah. It makes it much easier to go to
work every single day and care about
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Bingo. Like when you're clocking in 9
to5
>> Mhm.
>> or you've had a a beautiful
transformation and you want to share
that with the world, it's it's a huge
difference.
>> Yeah. Having a child at 48. Wow.
>> That's impressive. I'm sorry.
>> No, you're okay. That is a a trial.
>> She was a miracle.
>> Absolutely.
>> No, you don't know. You don't even know.
She was a miracle.
>> So when you did start this, right, you
wanted to see it. It was a challenge. It
was something that you wanted to
>> change, right? Fundamentally, you didn't
like the body shaming perspective of it.
Obviously, you knew your skill. You knew
the team you had behind you. You knew
you were this different engine, right,
to make something go. But what was it
like when you actually started to get
into it? Okay. Yeah. That's what I want
to ask.
>> It was a dumpster fire.
>> Okay. Thank you. It's not beautiful
roses, unicorns. Okay.
>> No, it was terrible. So, the first
company I hired,
>> it's like they started their business in
a garage.
>> Um, I had a beautiful shiny sales call
with all of these people. I never saw
their faces again. I got a Google sheet
with a bunch of phone numbers and emails
like, "This you need to call for your
payment processing. This who you need to
call for your business insurance." And,
you know, I have a team of 40 people.
And so I was constantly I was the one
that was proactive. What do I need to do
next? What do I what do I need to do?
What do I need to do?
>> And when I launched that with my brand,
KinMeds,
I I spent, you know, three four $5,000
in ads. I got 20 signups and then the
guy was like, "Oh, no, no, no, you're
not really launched. Uh, sorry. I just
meant friends and family." So, I had to
refund 30 people.
>> Wow. and I couldn't log into a platform
there. He had like patchwork together
like a
what's it called? Telegram, not
Telegram, but some kind of AI software
for customer service. And then there was
a platform for order management and then
there was the provider network in theies
and he got fired from the pharmacy
because he wasn't paying his bill. Yep.
>> And so I had to directly on board with
the pharmacy. And when I talked to this
lady,
uh I'll never forget, she was like in
tears. And I was like, first of all, why
am I talking to you? I'm supposed to be
going through this company that I paid.
And she's like, we cut them off because
he wasn't paying his pharmacy bill. So
now you have to come directly through
us.
>> And by the way, 30 other people today
have totally shipped me out. And she
ended up quitting her job. Yeah.
>> So it was just it was a nightmare. So I
was like, you know what? I'm going to
keep doing this. I'm very tenacious.
This, you know, I can't I can't stop.
I've got a taste of it. I want to do
this. I need to do this.
>> The next platform was like an urgent
care model. Unbeknownst to me, I was
their first weight loss tellaalth model.
>> Okay.
>> They were very nice, but their whole
system was not user friendly. So, I
parted ways with them.
The next guy that I met uh was a
developer and his platform was great,
but it had many missing pieces. It
didn't have reporting. It was like I had
to beg a big brother, you know, can you
please add this? Can you please add
that? And a year later,
>> yeah.
>> Uh he still only has like six or eight
medications available. So, I don't know
if you know this, but I decided to
launch my own
>> teleahalth platform.
>> I did see that.
>> So, I invested um in June of last year.
Congratulations.
>> Because I want to control my whole
ecosystem. Customer service, as I
mentioned, is really important to me.
When people invest the money that they
invest with me, and it's a lot
>> for our white glove service over, you
know, 10 or 12 weeks. I want to be able
to control
every aspect and every touch point for
them so they truly get that white glove
experience. You know, you could do this
by yourself. I did it.
>> Yep.
>> And a lot of people come to me. I had a
guy come to me the other day and he
said, "I spent $300,000."
>> Wow.
>> on my first incarnation of my
>> Tellah Health.
>> And then I got frustrated and I I
shelved it. And then I resurrected and I
spent $100,000 with another company who
couldn't get their platform together. So
there's I meet so many people every day
that have literally been burned. And I
posted a piece of content a year ago,
like me figuring out what we needed to
do to make this work. And my phone
started blowing up. People started
asking me for help. And I was like, I'm
not just gonna help you. I'm going to
make this make sense in a finite way
where I guide you every step of the way.
You could do it yourself,
>> right?
>> But what you're paying for is speed to
market.
>> Yeah. So, can I ask how long did it take
you to get from the failures of one,
two, and three to where you felt
comfortable to do your own and then also
how much do you know, how much did you
spend in that time?
>> Great question. So, it came in kind of
evolutionary chunks.
>> Um, the first year was renting other
people's platforms and I was completely
oblivious
>> and then I decided to kind of take
control. The last platform that I rented
before this, I did um collaborate a lot
with that owner and he did teach me a
lot. Um but was he was he actually
claimed to have built his platform but
he didn't. It's a SAS platform that he's
renting.
>> Got it.
>> Um and when I told him I was building my
own platform, he said, "You're never
going to make it."
>> Mhm.
>> It's harder than you think it is,
Jessica. You're never going to make it.
And I was looking at him like, "Aren't
you a developer? M
>> aren't you supposed Didn't you say that
you developed your own platform and
you're renting it from someone else?
>> Right.
>> Go to hell.
>> I'm going to do it myself. And I did and
it's launched and it's amazing. So
probably two years total and about
$300,000.
>> So that is what people are paying for
then the expertise of the speed of two
years and more than a quart million
dollars. Right. So, it's it's worth it
starting off with you because you've
taken the licks, you've taken the lumps,
you've taken the losses plus the time to
become the expert to now charge them
what they're being charged, but
>> right,
>> they're getting sped up. They're getting
white glove service like you said and
taken care of. I'm pretty sure you hold
their hand every single step of the way.
>> Every step.
>> Yeah. That's lovely.
>> And all of the compliance and the
payment processing. You know, the two
really big sticklers in this space are
payment processing.
>> Yeah.
>> Because it's considered high risk. It's
in the same categories as adult and
cannabis.
>> You know, it's if you have a med spa and
you have a brick and mortar, you can use
Stripe, you can use PayPal, you can use
Square,
>> but when you're doing online teleaalth
prescription medication management,
>> you have to have high-risk
>> uh payment processing, as you probably
know, you're in the you're in the
processing space
>> and it's tough to get
>> and you have to have Legit Script to get
it. Legit Script is a third party that
certifies your website to make sure that
you're representing these medications
correctly. you're not making outlandish
claims, you know, guaranteed to lose 50
pounds in 5 days.
>> Yeah.
>> And they're making sure that you have
all of your, you know, your optouts,
your terms, conditions, privacy policy,
all of that on there. And we, you know,
specialize in that. We have the recipe
and the blueprint. We've done over 70 of
these now since I've talked to you.
>> Yeah.
>> So, you know, we set you up for success.
I've known people that it's taken 6, 8,
12 months to just get Legit Script. they
can't get payment processors or they've
gotten a payment processor and their MID
shut them down
>> because they're in a rocking boat with a
bunch of other people doing squirrely
stuff and then they just shut the whole
mid down and then they're without
payment processing. So, I have fallen on
every sword. I have hit every pothole.
>> I've made every mistake and I have two
of my own brands that I use as kind of
demo brands. Everything that I sell when
it comes to marketing, I have done on my
own brands and I can show you KPIs.
>> There we go.
>> I can show you return on investment.
>> Yeah.
>> What was the first month when let's just
say when you actually were profitable
the very first month doing the tellaalth
part, not the social media part. When
was that? And can you remember kind of
like ah I did it. I got something here.
>> Yeah. So when you say tellahalth versus
social media, what do you mean? Um so
the the mo the the month where you were
profitable from your teleaalth services
not from social media and helping people
with their brand
>> direct. Oh so like my my agency service
consultancy right because they are two
different things.
>> Two different things. Right.
>> So for my brand KinMeds
>> I didn't spend a penny on ads for
probably over 90 days after I got burned
from that first company.
>> Got it. And because here's the switch,
the script flip
>> because I was an influencer
>> years ago, I said, you know what? I
think I'm going to use influencers to do
this. I think I'm going to use micro
influencers because people sell to
people.
>> Yep.
>> People trust authority from other
humans. And when you see that
transformation,
it brings people in. It's a slower burn.
>> Yeah.
>> That's what I tell people. There's two
ways to make money in tellahalth. If
you're if you're cold, three ways. If
you're cold traffic and nobody knows
about you, you have to spend money on
Facebook and Instagram.
>> Okay?
>> Period. If you have a influence of your
own, you could have affiliates and you
could also have influencers or other
people pushing your brand. So, I
enlisted an army
of micro influencers. I probably had
about 50. Wow.
>> And I blew up.
>> Yeah. There you go.
>> I blew up. I got probably 3 400 patients
in the first 90 days.
>> Holy cow.
>> From influencers.
>> Wow.
>> Micro influencers.
>> Yeah.
>> Not people that proclaim to have a
million followers. Those girls. I have
paid people one, two, three, $4,000. I
have two million followers. Blah blah
blah. And they couldn't even sell a
t-shirt. Right. But then I have people
like Paige, and I'm calling you out.
Paige, Lauren, Ashley, Britney, Jess,
uh Kenzie, and Kenzie's mom. these
beautiful influencers that have been
with me since day one, who have true
engagement
>> and a true following and have brought my
brand with them and have has grown my
brand based on their influence. People
that have true engagement,
>> they get back to people when they answer
when they ask questions in DMs and that
creates a family. And that's what like
going back to the whole foundation,
it's not like selling sneakers on a
Shopify store, right? You know, this is
it's so much deeper than that.
>> Yeah. So, what if if someone comes and
uses your service, right? Like as an
activation, what do you tell them is
possible with how much effort do they
have to actually put in
>> as a founder? You mean for the
teleahalth build?
>> Absolutely.
>> That's a great question. So for our
12week program, you know, we hold a
space for a meeting every week and
people can be overwhelmed and I always
tell them, you know,
>> we have our blueprint. I'm there every
week, which is another thing. You know,
I'm there every week with you holding
your hand,
>> right?
>> And I have a whole team of people there
with you, too. And so through that
process, I'm very consultative. And so I
try to equip them with all of those
foundational blocks that they need. And
then on the other side of that, people
always ask, you know, how involved do I
have to be in this business? So the
major thing is customer service.
>> On the other side of that, so you have a
tech platform, it's a basically a
triangle.
>> You have a tech platform, the the
teleahalth platform, you have a
pharmacy, and then you have the
providers, right? Those integral things
are going to make your business work.
So when it comes to your daily
operations,
you don't as a founder need to be
explicitly involved, but you need
someone, a VA. I have a virtual
assistant agency, too. We use registered
nurses in the Philippines.
>> Okay.
>> Um or someone on your team, depending to
answer questions. Hi, I'm Susie. I
forgot to put my apartment number on my
intake form and my meds going to get
here. Hi, I'm Paul. I got my two bottles
of Tepatide, but one of them broke. What
do I do? So, you know, you need to be
you need to have someone available to
answer those customer service questions.
And I'm here to tell you 1,000% I have
had people that are so pissed off. The
doctor got my order wrong. You gave me
the wrong dose.
Whatever the case may be, and one of
those customer service people drop in,
they say, "Hey, Susie, I'm so sorry
you're dealing with that. I'm here to
help you. What was the dose that you
wanted? Let me reach out to the doctor.
let me reach out to the pharmacy. I'm
going to make this better. We're going
to issue that to you immediately. And
then Susie is what? A customer for life.
Right.
>> Right. That is the key
>> to making this work. So to answer your
question on the operational side, you
definitely need someone kind of managing
that component.
>> And then if you're doing marketing with
us, certainly being there to approve our
brand direction and whatever activation
we're doing.
>> Gotcha.
>> Across platforms. Is there like a
package with you where you can just be
completely hands off? Hey, I want to
give you $100,000. You go run my
Tellaalth service and then I just get to
reap all the profits of it. Or I'll have
a little bit of engagement like I'm
willing to work with that micro
influencer but not them or you know I
post every now and then. Uh is there
something like that where someone could
do that?
>> Yes, great question.
>> Yes. So we call we call it two phases.
So phase one is your 12week launch. At
the end of that, I hand you the keys to
your fully functional compliant
tellahalth business.
>> And on the other side of that, we have
several marketing packages.
>> Um, and that's where you could implement
your own, you know, virtual assistant or
your own internal person. Um, as far as
me being like an operator, um, I haven't
had anyone ask that, but that's a great
upsell.
>> Yeah, you got it here first. to add that
to the plan. Do you want to expedite
your services? Do you want me to be the
operator?
>> Yeah.
>> Um but I do offer consulting services
certainly um for people if they want
that kind of
>> higher level of execution.
>> Love it.
>> Yeah.
>> I had a question while you've been
speaking about the whole thing. How do
you actually get the not the pharmaceut
how do you get the reps like how do you
get access to them or like communicate
where we can sell that we we say that we
can sell these drugs like after they
come on the landing page right and
someone does the intake form you have to
be able to actually serve the supply
right how do you get that connection
with that individual or that
pharmaceutical company
>> snakes cakes in the grass.
>> Okay.
All right. Uh they just
be slimy. Not
>> um that's a great question.
>> Yeah. Thanks.
>> If you're a founder, and I have a lot of
people that come to me and they if
you're a founder and you go to a
pharmacy, they're going to flip you the
bird
>> as far as pricing. They're going to say,
"You are nobody. You have no volume. You
have no track record. You're going to
pay premium prices."
>> Got it? because I'm in a situation where
I have a platform and I have you know 60
70 brands that gives me
uh price margin negotiation ability.
>> Absolutely
>> right. And volume negotiation ability
and trust me when I say having rented
platforms from other individuals who
have
fallen
to the cheaper is better.
I myself, my brand when I was renting
this other platform probably lost 30 to
50 patients last summer.
>> Wow.
>> Because the brand that he was using was
super cheap. Only put one or two mini
ice packs. Uh these medications GLP
specifically have to be cold shipped and
packed. Usually uh 48 hours or less
shipping.
>> I didn't know that.
>> U there's they're stable um at room
temperature, but the FDA hasn't lifted
the it has to be cold shipped.
>> Okay. So, because the cheapy company
that he used, uh, you know, I was
getting text messages on our customer
service. It looks like a third grader
pasted this label on the vial. My
medication is hot. Cancel, cancel,
cancel, cancel. Right?
>> So, in this game, it's very clear. I'm
very clear with founders.
It's not just a price game. If you want
super cheapies, just like anything else,
you get what you pay for. The two most
important things to me when it comes to
a pharmacy, the two most important
things to me are communication and
tracking because patients just want
what?
>> Their medicine.
>> They want their stuff, right? Where's my
stuff? Just like anything else. And if
that pharmacy can't support tracking and
they don't have the tech to do that,
>> I don't care if you're $5 more than
another pharmacy. I'm going to go with
the one that's $5 more because in the
long run, that's going to support the
brand. But I have been able to negotiate
cheaper pricing. But we're also in this
like Amazon world where I want my stuff
today
>> or worst case scenario tomorrow because
I honestly hate when I see
>> tomorrow 6 to 8:00 p.m. I'm going to be
honest with you. Like I want it now
>> prime.
>> Yeah, please. Um and I don't want to
spend the $25, but I will because I want
it tonight. Do you know what I mean? Are
you guys able to do service and tracking
like that? Like immediate and it's next
day or is this five to seven days?
>> No, it's two days.
>> Oh, that's awesome.
>> It's usually 48 hour turnaround unless
you order after a certain time on
Friday. Most vendors have tried um
different carriers on the weekends and
they seem to be inconsistent. This is
kind of the general vibe in this
industry. So, if you order like at, you
know, 8 or 900 p.m. on a Friday, you're
probably going to get it on a Monday.
Got it.
>> But for the most part, the average
delivery time is 24 to 48 hours. That's
nice.
>> Hold shipped to your door.
>> I wasn't expecting that.
>> Yeah, unless you're a crappy pharmacy
and then crappyarmacies can be 5 to 7
days or you've got a crappy pharmacy
chain and then you're not going to get
it for 7 10 14 days just because the
pharmacy can't get their poop in a
group. Kenna, how are you though like
getting the pharmacies on the phone and
then negotiating that power that you
said that you have to be able to get
better price margins or maybe even just
get a different uh opportunity to sell a
different peptide that maybe your other
pharmacy couldn't? How do you have
access like that to do that?
>> That's a great question and it's my
earned reputation.
>> Okay, I got you. So being in this
environment and meeting people and
networking and going to shows and being
in Zoom rooms and being in different
groups and meeting that next level
person.
>> Yeah.
>> And that next level person I'm now
talking to CEOs ofarmacies.
>> Wow.
>> Instead of reps. I don't talk to reps
anymore.
>> Gotcha.
>> But if you're a founder coming in,
you're going to talk to a rep and you're
going to get really poor pricing.
>> But when you come through my system,
you're going to get executive pricing
because I've negotiated that.
>> So it's worth it. It's worth it.
>> Whole service is worth it,
>> right?
>> Can I ask so like when your someone
let's say someone today is going on and
they're interested in peptides, do you
have it where your operation for your
landing page is like SEO, SSO, so you're
the top one that comes up on Google or
will ompic still come up
>> as like the first hyperlink up there?
>> Twofold.
>> Okay.
>> I don't do any SEO.
>> Whoa. for my for my uh business because
I think it's
>> I mean I feel like SEO is like the
biggest scam in the world. I feel like I
should have an SEO business because
there's no
>> demonstrable KPIs. Oh, you're right.
>> And the excuse they always use is, oh,
it's always changing. It's ever
evolving. It's very dynamic.
>> Right.
>> Uh you know, just when you think you've
got the market, someone else is doing
something else and we've got to do
something else. So like in my opinion
SEO is great if you're a local business.
>> Okay.
>> But for me being a national kind of
service provider, I rely on my social
media.
>> There we go. I like
>> and that's it. And I do I mean I have,
you know, H1, H2 tags and different
things for my my website. And I've had a
couple of clients close
>> from LLMs from searching for me on chat.
>> Wow. So those are the two places that I
that I really emphasize particularly
social media.
>> Do you give like a guar not a guarantee
you can't guarantee anything but do you
give hey you come through the program
with me you go through the 12 weeks I
give you the keys to your
>> they are guaranteed that I have a 100%
guarantee rate with payment processing
and 100% guarantee well it's not
guaranteed but I have a 100% success
rate
>> with payment processing and legit
script.
>> Got it. So if you if you spend $50,000
with me or $100,000 with me, whatever
the case may be, depending on we charge
by vertical.
>> Yep.
>> So when someone signs up, it typically
comes with GLPS and a few of the
wellness. But if you want to add on
testosterone, hormone therapy, if you
want to add on sexual health and ED, if
you want to add on skin, if you want to
add on hair, if you want to add on labs,
>> wow,
>> that can increase the price. elective
labs like you know bougie labs like
>> if you want to get
>> metabolic studies done if you want to
get your um thyroid study done so we
have all of those things so whatever you
spend with me at the end of that 12
weeks you're going to get it
>> yeah wow
>> which is an easy sell
>> absolutely
>> on the marketing side there is no
guarantee and I'll tell you why
>> please
>> number one there are so many places to
be and I'm so tired of this question
maybe I could get your input on this
like how the hell do I answer this
question
>> people ask me this all the time like
what's my ROI? And I'm just like
>> I've broken down like my core marketing
package and like maybe seven add-ons. It
includes like five micro influencers. Do
you want more influencers? Email
campaign, funnel build,
um
full social media domination and a few
other things. And all of those things
wrapped together is a certain amount. If
you do that,
>> I'm more likely to guarantee you
results. But then the wrinkle is I have
some brands, and I hate to say this, and
I'm not going to name anyone obviously,
but their their brand is like 1988
called and they want their disco party
back. And I'm not exaggerating.
>> Like their their brand sucks. And I I I
don't hold back with people
>> when we're on the call. Typically people
are like, you know, we want to go with
your expertise. But sometimes people are
like, "No, we we hired a guy on Fiverr
and this is what we want." And I'm just
like, "But, you know, to my team, this
is [__] This sucks." Like, "This is
never going to compete in the
marketplace."
>> Yeah.
>> So, I try to balance that
>> when I have calls with people. If your
brand is consumer friendly,
>> then you could do quite well.
>> Yeah.
>> Does that answer your question?
>> Yeah, it does. Could you say that they
should expect, let's say they're not
1988 disco people and they're not
stubborn, moldable, coachable, right? If
they really want to get their investment
back, they should already be those
things because
>> correct.
>> You would think buyers of that high of a
ticket are trying to get their
investment back and then 10fold, right?
>> So, let's just bypass those people.
Would you say that six figures
um in like the next quarter is something
that's reachable or obtainable or you're
saying that they need to give themsel
more time to grow and then let's expect
those numbers in a year?
>> Great question and we need to understand
a couple of things. So number one is the
compounding nature
>> of this environment.
>> Mh. So when we look at signups or we
look at new patient acquisition,
if we say, you know, my goal for cost
per acquisition or CAC is a hundred
bucks or less.
>> Okay?
>> So if you're if you're running cold ads
on Facebook, Instagram, and Google,
content is king via video,
>> right?
>> So when we look at influencer
management, and I'm going to get super
laser sharp on you right now. When you
look at influencer management,
it's not just what can that influencer
do for me. I have a whole creative team.
We don't use AI. I don't use, you know,
all of those different agencies out
there because I was an influencer.
>> Okay?
>> And I've had people come to me and I've
curated this amazing team. We find them,
vet them, contract them, script them,
and audit them, and heard them like cats
every goddamn day. And if you don't
deliver your content, you don't get your
next month of meds. So we typically do a
90day contract and we
want them to be very authentic and
genuine in their approach and there's
you know different content pillars
whether it's education whether it's
personal story whether it's doing like
meal prep in the kitchen but we also
have some things that are very scripted
because as you know a story
>> and that 30 or 90 seconds is very
different than something promotional
>> and in a promotional piece 30 to 90
seconds we need that to tell a story in
order for someone to click on learn more
buy now get offer in a paid ad. So when
we look at what is our cost per
acquisition,
you you know people can sort of scale
with static graphics if you're if you're
basing on price only. You know you see
so many graphics out there where it's
like a vial.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. A vial of semiglutide. $99.
>> But that's a race to the bottom.
>> Got it.
>> And a lot of people come to me like I
think I need to drop my price. I think I
need to drop my price. And I'm like whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa. Do you have a
brand? Are you selling cheap or are you
selling customer experience? Uh doctor
involvement. Do you have any ancillary
services? Do you have any coaching
services? Do you have any PDFs? Do you
do you offer labs? Like this is a
holistic approach now. You know, the
pill mills and the skinny farms are
done.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, those people made their
hundreds of thousands of dollars, you
know, two or three years ago. Thin this,
skinny that, trim this. those those
people painted themselves into a corner,
right?
>> Because now people want what? They want
hormones. They want wellness. I want
some I want some more. I want hair care.
I want skin care.
>> And so when you position yourself that
way, it gives you a lot more
versatility. But let's not get it
twisted.
>> The weight loss drugs are what brings
people to the table.
>> 100%.
>> Right. But but it's common to have other
things at the table.
>> Yeah.
>> So when it comes to customer
acquisition, the goal is 100 bucks or
less. If you go on AI and you go to
chat, Gronk, Gemini, or whatever, it's
going to say the average cost per
acquisition for a GLP client is anywhere
between $100 and $250.
>> Okay?
>> Depending on your brand.
>> Yeah.
>> So, when you contemplate that, if you
are omnipresent on social, if you have
five or 10 micro influencers that are
generating fire content for you, that's
scripted and intentional and you're
putting that in ads. And not just ads.
What the hell does that mean, Jessica?
There's all different kinds of ads.
There's different things that you're
targeting, right? We're doing a traffic
ad to just get clicks to train your
pixel.
>> Okay.
>> Right. Your Facebook pixel.
>> We're doing the engagement ad because we
want these eight videos to get 20,000
likes to make it look like you're a big
deal.
>> Absolutely.
>> And then we're doing a conversion ad to
your landing page or straight to your
form. And I mean lead genen ads are kind
of history. Like two or three years ago,
lead genen was a big thing where the
it's mostly for brick and mortar. Hey,
this is Jessica. I'm with ABC Healthcare
on ABC Street. Do you want to come in?
But in the online teleahalth space, it's
typically not leen.
So, you know, there's a lot of strategy
involved there. And that that comes back
to do you have a very cohesive very a
lot of depth and breadth
>> to your marketing plan. So, if you think
you're going to come on and spend 20 or
30 or $50,000 and you're going to spend
$50 a day on Facebook and Instagram ads
with pictures and get rich, that's not
going to happen.
>> So, that notion then, do you recommend
someone day one going out and buying
followers, buying subscribers bots?
>> No, absolutely not.
>> Okay.
>> Um, well, it depends.
>> Caveat. I'm going to be straight up with
you.
>> Please. If you're going to leverage your
audience for a lookalike, that will kill
you.
>> Meaning,
>> so if you're going to do lookalike ads,
okay,
>> so when you do ads for a lookalike
audience for people that have interacted
with your content,
>> that's just going to be bots.
>> Got it.
>> So if you're able to drum up an
authentic audience via influencers, but
it takes forever.
>> Yep.
>> Nobody gives a [__] anymore about liking
your content. People, it's just like a
video. you know that when you scroll,
>> it's hard as hell to get people to
interact with you.
>> And I will say
>> when it comes to getting influencers and
when it comes to getting people to
consider you as a real brand,
there there are different applications
and platforms out there that supposedly
grow your brand with whatever AI method
that they have. So, I I'm going to say
with a grain of salt, the average
consumer is maybe more forgiving or they
don't notice that yesterday you had 10
followers and today you have 3,000.
>> Yeah.
>> And that could help with your
conversion.
>> Yeah. Cuz you you know, everybody now
it's social media is kind of your
resume.
>> It's your business card.
>> Yeah. They say don't judge a book by a
cover. That doesn't exist today.
>> That's correct. Everyone gets judged
before they open the book and it's
social media. I wonder there was
something interesting while you were
talking I was like wait so if category
one drugs get the opportunity to go into
category two
>> other way.
>> Oh I'm sorry to yeah two to one. So now
that they have been FDA approved does
that mean like right now could possibly
be the best time to get into this
because a bunch of new drugs are
available?
>> Yes.
>> Okay cool. cuz I was like
>> everybody is Yes.
>> Yeah,
>> absolutely. And I sell both both
methods. So we do the R we call RX site
or prescription site.
>> Okay.
>> And then we do the category 2 sites. We
work with one of the only provider
networks that does medical oversight
over category 2 peptides. And they come
activated, not lifelized or powder form.
So they come from a 503A patient
specific pharmacy. They're compounded
just like a prescription. They come in a
vial liquid with your name and your
dosage with physician instructions.
>> Yeah.
>> So people can do either. The only caveat
to that is when you do category 2
peptides, you have to forfeit your legit
script.
>> Meaning
>> meaning legit script only certifies FDA
approved products.
>> Oh, okay. Gotcha.
>> So if you're doing a category 2 site,
how are you going to market?
>> Yeah. You have to have an audience and
you have to go hard on influencers and a
lot of SEO and organic.
>> Could you get shut down that way? Like
if you are selling category 2 or no?
>> Well, because it's with medical
oversight. No, the provider is the one
recommending the medication and again
that falls under the provider.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Right. So, it's much I mean it's it's
just like a prescription medication.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> You're just drumming up business for
them in their
>> Well, I'm doing two different
applications. It's either your
prescription with legit script
>> or you're doing category 2 with medical
supervision but you forfeit your legit
script.
>> But the big excitement
>> as you pointed out is if these 10 or 20
>> peptides CJC, BPC, TB500, GHKCU, Sankac,
slup all of these different things all
these bodybuilders are talking about,
>> right?
um ipomorin tessorin
are projected to be recategorized uh by
this quarter or certainly by the end of
this year.
>> Wow.
>> This is the most
booming lucrative market. I mean people
are already get making billions on
powdered peptides which are now
officially illegal. Yeah.
>> Powdered peptides are research grade
which means they're not intended for use
on humans. M
>> and there's all this speculation about
the DOJ and the DEA and the FDA and
people getting arrested and going to
jail like
>> this mom down the street had a peptide
farm and she's going to jail for 20
years.
>> It's legit. I mean these arrests are
happening.
>> So with a recategorization, it's like
having your cake and eating it, too.
>> This is the time
>> to get into it
>> to get in. If those cate if those drugs
go into the other category and are FDA
approved, could they like be on the list
of sports players like not getting
banned for HGH or hormone growth or
peeds?
>> That's a great question and I would say
that ultimately that would come down to
the regulatory body.
>> Okay.
>> That is credentiing each one of those
different um sport organizations.
>> Gotcha. Um,
I don't have any specifics on that and
that's a great question. You know, I
know that doping was a big thing with
>> baseball
>> with baseball and the tortoons and
>> certainly there are some blood chemicals
that I think are heavily monitored.
That's a great question. I'll get back
to you on that.
>> Yeah,
>> it's probably
>> going to be one of those things where if
it's physician indicated and another one
of those, we really need to see medical
necessity here. So, I would say that the
risk for abuse would be low,
>> but there's always people that are going
to find a way.
>> Yeah. Cuz I was just thinking from the
aspect of like football players and
basketball players with torn Achilles or
ACL injuries, right? And then being able
to instead of missing a whole season
>> to take BPC or CJC and get that recovery
>> be back. Give me 90 days and you you're
trying to tell me that the whole NFL and
the whole NBA is now eligible. I want to
get into this industry because we're
talking about the billions upon billions
upon billions
>> investors and all the people invested in
those people succeeding.
>> You heard it here first on Double Down
Podcast.
>> Okay, we're going to do a tell
>> that would be amazing. Yeah,
>> great question.
>> I appreciate
>> I will get back to you on that.
>> Yeah, let's do it.
>> Maybe I need to do like a more masculine
NBA type of thing.
>> There we go. It's time to pivot. Change
everything. Yeah, I want to try to talk
about when people do come to you though
and they want to start this business,
they want to start this industry and
let's say they have, how do I put this?
They're on their last dime, their last
dollar, their last hurray. This has to
work. It's my last hail mary. I've
invested into Turo. I invested into
Airbnb. I started I don't know, you
know, selling clay pots. and they're
like, "Hey, this is what I have now." Is
that an a client where you're like, "I'm
sorry. I'm not for you." Because this
isn't a get-rich scheme. This isn't a um
throw all your eggs in one basket. This
is to take the opportunity for someone
who can gradually do this and then
obviously expand in life or you you got
the right dollar amount, you fit into
this bucket, let's go. And if you work,
you work, you don't, you don't. That is
an excellent question and I have two
answers for you.
>> Most of my competitors in this space
would be the letter. Got it.
>> You got the money, you're in the bucket.
>> Sign the contract.
>> I put guard rails on it
>> because I don't want people to have
expectations that aren't met.
>> So, what I often tell people is,
you know, we're in the peptide
GLP RX medication space. If you were
starting a supplement line,
>> okay,
>> if you were starting a clothing line, if
you were starting a lash line, what
would be involved?
>> Yeah,
>> you'd have to have product, you'd have
to have an infrastructure for
distribution, and you'd have to have
marketing.
>> And those things take time and money.
And if you're doing marketing, there's
lots of I mean, there's more potential
for consumer products because AI is much
more convincing on the consumer product
level than it is for humans for weight
loss and wellness.
>> Trust me, I've tried every freaking
platform out there.
>> But humans are the best. I I I love AI
to get you to a human, but I don't think
it should replace a human, especially
when it comes to prescription medication
or the representation of that via
influencers.
So, to answer your question, do I love
money? Hell yeah.
>> Do I want to sell this to people? Yes.
>> But if someone comes to me and they say,
"This is my last $45,000.
I only have $5,000 a month to spend on
marketing." And that cuts off at 90
days. And I say, "I don't think this is
a great option for you. This is a long
haul. So if your expectation is to
recoup your whole investment after 90
days, that that's not realistic. It can
happen,
>> but it's not the norm,
>> right? This is a 6 months, 12 month
thing. And again, like Alex Horoszi
says,
>> if you're familiar with him,
>> very
>> coming to the table and working every
day is going to beat out 90% of your
competition.
>> Absolutely.
>> Because they're going to get tired.
they're gonna lax on,
you know, fill in the blank on what they
need to do every day and they're just
gonna fizzle out,
>> right? So, if you can show up and just
stay consistent, you don't need to spend
$30,000 a month on marketing.
>> Yeah.
>> But if you spend eight or 12 and you do
that consistently, maybe you could taper
that down to six or eight. You know, a
hundred bucks a day on Facebook and
Instagram is only three grand.
>> If you spend a hundred bucks on Google,
that's only six. Mhm.
>> And if you're putting out that content,
if you're on YouTube shorts, if you're
everywhere, you know how that
infrastructure works.
>> Google,
Google's little brother is YouTube.
>> Yep.
>> And when you do good on YouTube, YouTube
shoves over to Google. And when you do
good on Google, that gets more people in
your pipeline. And when those people
land on your website, that feeds your
Facebook pixel. And then you can
retarget. It's it's a whole community of
events.
>> Yeah, it is.
>> That has to happen. What do you
envision? What is the end goal for you?
Is this you're trying to sell it and
sell your brand and your platform as a
whole? Or is it you're going to ride
this thing out until the wheels fall
off? Like I can do this until I'm no
longer on this earth and then I can just
hand it off, you know? Because you've
already cultivated everything, right?
Obviously, it's going to change with
regulations and you're always going to
have to learn, but what is the end goal?
What's What do you have? What are you
thinking? Well,
>> it's funny that you asked me that.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, I have had an opportunity from
a prominent group,
>> pharmacy group,
um, to
essentially
modify my business into creating these
for celebrities.
>> Okay.
>> For example, Ro.co. if I can say that
has Serena Williams as their
spokesperson.
>> Wow.
>> You notice that? You may or may not know
that.
>> Serena, honey, why don't you have your
own tellahalth?
>> Right.
>> Obviously, she's making an commission or
probably has some type of um
part of the company perhaps. So the next
evolution of my business is perhaps
streamlining the pharmacy as it relates
to fulfillment
and partnership with people of
influence.
>> Wow.
>> At the end of the day, if that occurs,
it's not in my best interest to continue
making competitors for them. So, I love
what I'm what I'm doing. I believe that
there's plenty of space for everyone.
And people always say, you know, what's
going to make me different? You've
launched 70 of these. How am I
different? And it's as cliche as this
sounds, it's truly your special sauce
and your commitment and showing up every
day.
>> But at the end of the day, you're right.
Um, there is a potential for me maybe at
some point to focus those efforts
perhaps on a few brands in a more
influential
space.
>> Wow.
>> To be continued.
>> That's amazing.
>> Currently in negotiation.
>> Yeah. Wow. What an opportunity that you
>> accidented into. I to think if that's
the end stage, right? and where you came
from and started off. You really I don't
want to say you fake it till you make
it, but your journey Yeah. is fake it
till you make it. And now
>> you're with Serena. I mean, her husband
created Reddit. Like, think of
>> Yeah. Like, think of what you could
possibly do if that's the access. That's
the person that you have the opportunity
to connect.
>> It wouldn't necessarily be her, but
there there are other people on the
table. So,
>> a person in between or two.
>> Right. Right.
>> Exactly.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah. Thank you for that. You know, and
for every entrepreneur that's watching
this right now, you know, I specifically
remember when I had my design social
media agency and I stumbled across a few
profiles of social media agencies
typically ran by women
>> and I remember looking at their
highlights on their Instagram and seeing
all of their testimonials and I remember
having such FOMO and such a heavy heart
like I'm never going to have that. How
do I get that? And then just pushing and
pushing and growing and doing good by
people, doing what I say I'm going to
do. You know, I'm from Ohio. I'm a
hillbilly through and through. And my
dad always says, you know, do what you
say you're going to do,
>> right?
>> And I've dealt with a lot of sinking
ships, as you alluded to earlier. What
do you do if you have a sinking ship
coming to you? Sinking ships only sink.
>> That's it,
>> right?
>> And they're sinking for a reason, right?
So, it's not to say that those can't be
assessed on a one by one basis, but
usually the ideal client for me is
someone that has experience in business.
They see a potential
uh increased revenue and profit in this
market and they've got experience and
they know what it takes. They perhaps
have an infrastructure. And when I say,
okay, you know, in order to do this,
it's going to be $60,000. They're like,
okay, and how much is the ad spend per
month? Well, probably $6 to $10,000 and
it's going to cost you $20,000 for
marketing. Okay.
>> So, we're looking at about $150,000 over
90 days. Yeah. Okay. Send me the
contract.
>> Right.
>> Right. Those are the type of people that
understand. It's not a money thing
because it's, you know, that's it's
higher, it's lower depending, like I
said, on, you know, whatever their their
marketing needs are, whatever verticals
they choose. But for the most part,
those are the people that are going to
succeed, the ones that aren't looking
for a get-richqu.
>> Mhm.
>> But for every entrepreneur out there, I
grew up on food stamps.
I grew up being bullied in southeastern
Ohio in Appalachia.
I got a master's degree in physical
therapy because I was passionate about
helping people. And that degree
gives me um legitimacy in this world
because if a provider comes to me or
whoever I have a medical platform to
stand on and speak their language which
does decrease kind of that barrier.
>> So changing jobs or moving through that
progression you know I've started I've
been a serial entrepreneur since I was
in my teens. Like I invented scented
cell phone wipes before the iPhone
after swine flu, but it was so new.
Nobody knew where to um where to put
them in the store. Do we put them in the
computer products or would you put them
in the cash wrap or do you know like
I've been popping ideas for 20 years?
And every single one of those failures
made this succeed.
>> I love it.
>> Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
>> No,
>> but it's true.
>> Yeah. No, that's that's what it is.
That's what this journey of
entrepreneurship is. Is there's so many
failures before you actually get to see
that successful person. You may know
them for the success. And that's
awesome, right? That means you got to
see me in my heyday, but it really is.
It might see sound cliche, but when
they're really like it's the journey,
it's because it takes the entire journey
to get me to today. I had to fail. I had
to lose money. I had to lose friends,
family members, all of these different
things to be able to be here today and
be successful today and then get in
these rooms because now I'm an elevated
person.
>> Yes.
>> And that's just what it takes. So, thank
you so much for doubling down on that
and letting everybody know.
>> You're so welcome.
>> Yeah, I appreciate it.
>> Sure. Um, if you had I know you kind of
just did it, but if you had the
opportunity to talk to anybody in the
space that or was interested in coming
into the space and then this one would
be your camera and you had 30 45 seconds
to let them know, hey,
>> this is what it's going to look like.
These are the expectations, but this is
what it could look like, right? When you
succeed, please speak to them and let
them know what they're about ready to
endure.
>> Thank you. Got it. Endure and and win.
So,
thank you for a great episode. Um, you
know, we got very technical. We talked
about a lot of the nuts and bolts. So,
as I mentioned before, you can't go
online, you can't listen to a podcast,
you can't watch a show, you can't go on
Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, anything
without seeing Andrew Huberman, Gary
Brea, or any of those talking heads
talking about longevity,
biohacking,
um, beauty, anti-aging, all of these
things. And let's be real.
Our generation, people from 30 to 50
years old are aware, astute, poised, and
funded to purchase these products
because they want to look great. They
want to feel great. GLP-1 medications
are the most prolific line of
medications since antibiotics, hands
down. They freaking work, and they're
not going anywhere. So when you get in
this industry,
you know, let's say semiglutide and
tzepide and reatide come off the list.
Guess what? There's six more being
released this year, you can sell them.
You can sell all of them. So getting
access and getting in now as we consider
these peptides being recatategorized,
but even taking those off the table,
looking ahead at all of the the new
medications and therapies that are out
there, this is truly
the hack of the century. Honestly.
>> Wow. Thank you.
>> How'd that How'd that go?
>> That was awesome.
While you're at it, please let them know
where they can reach you. Sure. Social
medias, what you got going on in the
future?
>> Sure. I'm Jessica White. You can reach
me at zenjessica_official
or my agency at kickstartsocial.co.
My website is growpro.co
gpro.co.
And um yeah, all of my socials and
everything are linked there. So, you
know, I don't try to monetize
everything. You know, I hope that I put
forth. I'm very educational and
consultative in my approach. If I can't
help you, I'll try to direct you to
someone that can. So, you know, hit me
up, DM me, reach out to me, comment on
something, and I'll I'll definitely
respond. I'm not a celebrity. I'm not
superhuman. I'm not better than anyone.
I'm just an entrepreneur like everyone
else who's trying to do good by making a
living, sending my kids to a great
college someday, and being able to
travel and spend some time with my
hubby.
>> I love it. And from here on the Double
Down Podcast, we want to wish you a
happy early birthday.
>> Oh, thank you.
>> Enjoy it in Miami. Living it up. So, I
just want to tell you thank you today
for coming by. And thank you.
>> I know the audience got smarter today. I
hope so.
>> Yeah. And I hope a little bit of like
burning flame got sparked inside of them
where they're like, "Whoa, there is
something here and I could be a part of
this, you know, because it's not really
like um a skill they have to go out
there and learn, right?"
>> And everyone is kind of on their phone
all day anyways. And everyone thinks
like, "Man, I can do something better
than the next person, right?"
>> So, I hope that they were able to grab
something today is like, "You could do
this. You could get your foot in the
door and change your whole life if you
truly want to."
>> Yeah. Thank you so much, Yandre.
>> You're welcome. Thank you. Just
>> awesome.
>> Yeah,
as you heard it here first, no matter
what you have, whatever you can think of
on your own, don't allow any naysayer to
get in between that, your dream, your
goal, your aspirations. If you have
something in mind that you want to
accomplish, double down on it. If
there's something that you have in the
back of your brain, we're like, I think
I could make this work, but I've never
seen it done before, double down on it.
I promise every investment that you make
in yourself is the best investment
you'll ever make. And that's today's
episode.